Welcome to Phoenix World too
an edition of sb
next to stuff like chips or philips
or salt bars or other
I'm a very big snack
fan of popcorn if not now in the evening
for example in the movie coco or something and
Popcorn is always the problem
I'll do that if I have this
Finished parts buy the microwave does that
Mostly it does not taste that way at least to me
not so there are some from schiro
from biochips of she we have as
popcorn things are brought out that are whole
okay but it's not like me
Actually imagine that I do it
mostly so that i will be normal then
mostly dried the market for it
Can take in a pot
clean with a little oil and lid
then the poco need that just simply
then you can come yourself
you want to know how to make salty that way
I like that sweet caramel
or what ever
and I found something now
we're in for something again
then brand new is on top of that one
I would mix popcorn and chips
say because it is also from ski and
Although it is today from the popcorn
popcorn triangles flair
suite so sweet there was no
otherwise I would be salty or sheep
or something else brought along but
to test
logically also new on it are
that's definitely the test
all right and it's something I know
bought and found myself again
and do not send it off anymore or
miro that not sent by anyone
make popcorn the new art
to enjoy popcorn
Sun has so triangles reminiscent in design
me a little bit so potato rösti
I really knew tried
okay I was different
presented but good as I had
they thought they were a bit thicker
but they are actually as chic
look a bit like tortilla
chips to see it here
but it's just popcorn in sweet that
actually smells good
If I think something now I think so
always try the ten tips
I would say the problems whole series
8th
the good ones
that tastes good that copter that
she is totally unfamiliar because you expect
Here's a best he's damaging
or what nacho-like but this
chips all-in
that's exactly what I was looking for but it is
actually popko in the form of animal welfare
reminds me very much of this rice
cracker knows the particular raisting
There's also chocolate with it all
normal nature moderately sweet and salty, too
always there is really slow
and gently through the miles to leckerli
fly and crispy triangles
I would be interested in jacked up
So the make the right consistency
I do not have to say it like popcorn resin
many exotics were not baked on it
fried but I can not find it now
bad if it still early
Taste would be like sweet
how cute salty or something like that would be me
definitely try it
but it's not bad me
had it worse
but really what has to do with popcorn
not any longer longer
Great
So you do not have to buy
I do not hear that saying so far
bad but otherwise special then
dear pop can do it yourself in one
pot I just explained that and then
nice salt on it or something I think so
a lot better a little bit better
Greasier when I eat a popcorn
be finished
above all, this is always me
honestly baked not fried
less fat now who itches then eat
I do not have chips so of course if you do
Anyway, if the diet wants to do that
but have a few chips then that is
Maybe okay, but if I think so
buy or something of this kind here then
may then be quiet well fed in there
and sugar and no idea when is this
yes, not every day or fed
not only what he does not want he was
again
That's why I would popcorn this figure
as I would not necessarily do it now
Buy again at least not in
tastes sweet
well as much more I have you times
you try him himself times
out and write me in the comments
what you think about it as always and before
Everything in the comments you like
euro popcorn is because I know that
my wife used to just sweet popcorn
has eaten and since she knows me
if you only eat salt, it is not
sweet popcorn more writes me that
comments what your opinion on popcorn
and that popcorn it here and would
let's say it's me next time
I am out